Chikcken Alfredo - 

Ingredients:
Kosher Salt - to taste (define for the program)
Fettuccine Noodles - 12 oz
Olive Oil - for tossing 
Boneless Skinless Chicken Breast - 12 oz
Freshly Ground Black Pepper - 
Unsalted Butter - 8 tablespoons
Heavy Cream - 2 Cups 
Nutmeg - 2 pinches
Pamigiano Reggiano Cheese - 1 1/2 Cups 


Directions:
Bring a large pot of water to a boil, and salt generously. 

Add the pasta, and boil according to package directions until al dente

Strain, and toss with a splash of oil.

Slice the chicken into 1/4-inch-thick strips, and lay them on a plate or a sheet of waxed paper. 

Season with salt and pepper.

Heat a large skillet over medium heat, and add 2 tablespoons of the butter. 

When the butter melts, raise the heat to medium-high and add the chicken in 1 layer. 

Cook, without moving the pieces, until the underside has browned, 1 to 2 minutes. 

Flip the pieces, and cook until browned and fully cooked through, 2 to 3 minutes more. 

Transfer the chicken to a medium bowl.

Reduce the heat to medium, and add the remaining 6 tablespoons butter. 

Scrape the bottom of the skillet with a wooden spoon to release any browned bits. 

When the butter has mostly melted, whisk in the cream and nutmeg and bring to a simmer, then cook for 2 minutes. 

Lower the heat to keep the sauce just warm.

Whisk the Parmigiano-Reggiano into the sauce. 

Add the chicken and cooked pasta, and toss well. 

Season with salt and pepper. 

Serve hot in heated bowls.

Bon Appetit!






Pan Seared Salmon - 

Ingredients:

Salmon Filets with skin - 4-6 oz
Kosher Salt - to taste
Olive Oil - 3 Tbsp
Black Pepper - to taste

Directions: 

Season the fish on both sides with salt and pepper. Heat 3 tablespoons of the olive oil in a saute pan. Place the salmon, skin-side down, in the pan and cook (without moving the fish) until the skin is crispy, about 4 to 5 minutes. Reduce the heat, turn the salmon, and continue to cook for another 3 to 4 minutes.







Rice Pillaf - 

Ingredients:

Olive Oil - 1/4 cup
Onion - 1 medium
Garlic - 2 cloves finely chopped
White Rice - 2 Cups
Chicken Stock - 1 quart
Poultry Seasoning - 1 teaspoon




Directions:

Heat olive oil in a medium saucepan and saute onion and garlic until the onion begins to turn translucent. Add rice and stir to coat with oil, onions and garlic, and let rice "toast" lightly. Stir in chicken stock and poultry seasoning and bring to a boil. Then reduce heat and simmer covered until all liquid is absorbed, about 20 minutes. Remove from heat and flake rice.





Roasted Rosmary Potatoes - 

Ingredients:

Yukon Gold Potatoes - 6-8 (Cut in large chuncks)
Fresh Rosemary - 4 sprigs
Kosher Salt - to taste
Black Pepper - to taste
Extra Virgin Olive Oil - as needed



Directions:

Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.

Put the potatoes onto a baking sheet. Roughly tear the rosemary and scatter it over the potatoes; season them with salt and pepper and drizzle with olive oil. Toss the potatoes well to mix all the flavors and put them in the oven. Remove them after 30 minutes and toss them again. Continue to roast them until they are browned and cooked through, about 30 to 40 minutes more. Serve immediately.



Broccoli Slaw - 

Ingredients:

Currants - 1/3 cup
Broccoli - 2 Pounds
Red Onion (Finely Chopped) - 4 oz
Almonds (slivered or finely chopped) - 3/4 Cup
Mayonnaise - 1/2 cup
Lemon Juice - 2 Tbsp
Rice Vinegar - 2 Tbsp
Granulated Sugar - 2 Tbsp
Salt - 1 tsp
Fresh Ground Pepper - to taste



Directions:
Heat 1/2 cup water to boiling and pour over the currants in a small bowl. Set aside for 5 minutes, then drain off the water.

Shred the broccoli in a food processor using the grater disk (the attachment with the holes, not the blade). In a large bowl, combine the shredded broccoli, currants, red onion, and almonds.

Whisk together the mayonnaise, lemon juice, vinegar, sugar, salt, and a generous quantity of fresh pepper. Pour the dressing over the broccoli mixture and stir to combine. Taste and season with more salt or pepper as needed. Let sit 30 minutes at room temperature or 1 hour in the refrigerator so the flavors can mingle before serving.



Beet Salad -


Ingredients:

Beets (Medium) - 8 (scrubbed and tops removed)
Balsamic Vinegar - 1/2 Cup
Dijon Mustard - 2 tsp
Kosher Salt - to taste
Black Pepper - to taste
Arugula - 4 oz
Marcona Almonds - 1/3 cup
Goat Cheese - 4 oz


Directions:

Preheat the oven to 400 degrees. 

Wrap the beets individually in aluminum foil and place them on a sheet pan. Roast them for 50 minutes to 1 hour, depending on their size, until a small sharp knife inserted in the middle indicates that they are tender. Unwrap each beet and set aside for 10 minutes, until cool enough to handle. Peel the beets with a small, sharp knife over a piece of parchment paper to prevent staining your cutting board. 

Meanwhile, whisk together the vinegar, olive oil, mustard, 2 teaspoons salt, and 1 teaspoon pepper and set aside. While the beets are still warm, cut each one in half and then each half into 4 to 6 wedges and place them in a large mixing bowl. As you're cutting the beets, toss them with half of the vinaigrette (warm beets absorb more vinaigrette), 1 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper. Taste for seasonings. 

Place the arugula in a separate bowl and toss it with enough vinaigrette to moisten. Put the arugula on a serving platter and then arrange the beets, almonds, and goat cheese on top. Drizzle with additional vinaigrette, if desired, sprinkle with salt and pepper, and serve warm or at room temperature.